Smart crop Assets block powered by DMwOA (#11)
adobe-rnd/aem-assets-plugin: docs/smartcrop.md

  };
```

### What if any of the smart crops not availble with server?

In that case, the image will appear as a broken link.

### Are the smart crop name case-sensitive?

Yes, the smart crop name is case-sensitive and must match exactly. For example, a smart crop with the name Large must be requested with `?smartcrop=Large`. Using `?smartcrop=LARGE` or `?smartcrop=large` will result in an error.

### How do I generate smart crop for any Asset

Users can create an Image Profile in the AEM author environment with the desired smart crops and ingest the asset. Once processed and approved, the asset becomes available in the Asset Selector to be copied into the target document.

### Why the copied asset from Asset Selector not showing any smart crops by default?

Currently, it's not possible to get the smart crop references directly from the asset picker. Users need to obtain the base URL for any target asset. To get the smart crop variation, they must manually update the smart crop config file to match the presets defined in the Image Profile within the AEM author environment.

### How to define smartcrop rendering at Domain / website level?

> Use the head.html and add below entry -

Reviewer: We shouldn't update `head.html`. Instead, this should be done using https://www.aem.live/docs/bulk-metadata to enable smart crop for all urls.

```
<meta name="smartcrop" content="true">
```

### How to define smartcrop rendering at webpage level?

In content authoring, add page metadata with key as `smartcrop` and value as `true`

### How to define smartcrop rendering at Block level?

> Add the class `smartcrop` to the block while content authoring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the block modifier `smartcrop` to the block while content authoring. For e.g. `cards(smartcrop)` 
```

Author: will be incorporating it shortly. thanks
